# Data QA Assignment - Junior Data Analyst

This project involves analyzing a dataset related to health insurance information in Switzerland. The tasks include data exploration, cleaning, creating a manifest file, splitting data by postal code, and visualizing key elements to identify anomalies.
Project Structure

    Assinment_for_jr_data_analyst.ipynb: Jupyter Notebook containing the data analysis and tasks.

    Dataset - Junior Data QA Analyst.csv: The dataset used for analysis.

    manifest.txt: Manifest file generated in Task 1, listing postal codes, unique DOBs, and record counts.

    Datasets/: Directory containing CSV files split by postal code (Task 2).

    data_with_out_duplicates.csv: Cleaned dataset with duplicates removed.

    insurance_visualizer_enhance_csv_to_html.py: Python script for generating visualizations (Task 3).

    insurance_visualization.html: HTML file with visualizations (generated by the script).

## Tasks Overview

   #### Task 1: Create a manifest file listing postal codes, unique DOBs, and record counts.

   #### Task 2: Split the dataset into separate CSV files by postal code.

   #### Task 3: Visualize key elements to identify anomalies in the data.

## Dependencies

    #### Python 3.x

    #### Libraries listed in requirements.txt

## How to Run

    ### Install the required dependencies:


    #### pip install -r requirements.txt

    #### Run the Jupyter Notebook Assinment_for_jr_data_analyst.ipynb to perform the analysis and generate the manifest and split files.

## For visualizations (Task 3), run the Python script:

    #### python insurance_visualizer_enhance_csv_to_html.py

    This will generate insurance_visualization.html.

## Output Files

    Manifest File: manifest.txt

    Split Datasets: Located in the Datasets/ directory.

    Visualizations: insurance_visualization.html
